Intro Free Flutter Course - Vandad
Intro Free Flutter Course 
Back-End is where you store your data, probably in the cloud.
Back-End Django, Python express, flask
Flutter -> Build apps for any screen
Flutter transforms the app development process. Build, test, and deploy beautiful mobile, web, desktop, and embedded apps from a single codebase.

Chapter 1: Developer Accounts
Developer accounts allow you to release your applications to the Apples - Appstore and the Google - Playstore.
Your applications have a unique app identifier, these are what helps when you upload your app on the playstore.
Reverse domain identifier, this is unique to every app and it is to be the same as the domain name…
Your app identity is usually associated with your website name.
For apple you need to register a developer account 
There are two types of developer accounts:
Individual account - your own account
Company account - based on the type of company you may or may not be liable for any issues arising from what you are building.
Terry will not create a developer account just yet.
Chapter 2: SetUp
Flutter is a framework powered by Dart.
Dart is the programming language that powers Flutter.
Dartpad, allows you to write pure dart code and run it in your browser without having to install anything.
Flutter includes the dart package 
Flutter doctor looks at your flutter installation and makes sure your flutter in in good health.

Chapter 3: Introduction to Flutter
We start in a project setup that allows us to use Dart.
Creating a flutter project via terminal
flutter create learningdata
flutter -> binary
create -> command
learningdart  -> name of the project
The above command creates a flutter project with the name ‘learningdart
code . -> opens up visual studio code’
Keywords, words reserved to be used by a specific program. Keywords are predefined, reserved words used in programming that have special meanings to the compiler.

Data Types specific names assigned to a adata that is bound to be of a specific type.
Dart data types -> https://dart-tutorial.com/introduction-and-basics/datatypes-in-dart/
Const - values who's values cannot be changed, an example is my name Terry remains Terry through my entire life unless a long series of steps to change it.

In dart each line ends with a semicolon, which indicates the end of a line.

A variable can change; it's value that is
final variable is a variable who's value cannot be changed after it has been assigned.

Functions: This is a body of code, a series of code logically grouped. It has a return value void, it has a name main followed by a set of parentheses.

Saving code in flutter triggers, Hot reload, looks for the changes you made in a code hieracchy and executes ONLY the changes made. 
Void is a keyword telling dart this is a function that doesn't return anything. it is also best practice to include the type of data the function will return when called e.g string main is expected to return a string value when the main function is called. Functions best practice include the data type expected when writing the function, if it doesn't return anything then it is a void function
Data types link -> https://dart-tutorial.com/introduction-and-basics/datatypes-in-dart/

CHAPTER 4: DART CONTROL STATEMENTS AND COLLECTIONS
If & Else
An if statement helps you to check a condition to be of a certain value, true or false.